=head1 NAME

XML::Easy::Tranform - XML processing with a clean interface

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<XML::Easy::Transform::> namespace exists to contain modules that
perform transformations on XML documents, or parts thereof, in the form
of L<XML::Easy::Element> and L<XML::Easy::Content> nodes.

L<XML::Easy> is a collection of modules relating to the processing of
XML data.  It includes functions to parse and serialise the standard
textual form of XML.  When XML data is not in text form, L<XML::Easy>
processes it in an abstract syntax-neutral form, as a collection of linked
Perl objects.  This in-program data format shields XML users from the
infelicities of XML syntax.  Modules under the C<XML::Easy::Transform::>
namespace operate on XML data in this abstract structured form, not on
textual XML.

A transformation on XML data should normally be presented in the form
of a function, which takes an L<XML::Easy::Element> node as its main
parameter, and returns an L<XML::Easy::Element> node (or C<die>s
on error).  The input node and output node each represent the root
element of the XML document (or fragment thereof) being transformed.
These nodes, of course, contain subordinate nodes, according to the
structure of the XML data.  A reference to the top node is all that is
required to effectively pass the whole document.

=head1 OTHER DISTRIBUTIONS

CPAN distributions under this namespace are:

=over

=item L<XML::Easy::Transform::RationalizeNamespacePrefixes>

Manages XML Namespaces by hoisting all namespace declarations to the
root of a document.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<XML::Easy>

=head1 AUTHOR

Andrew Main (Zefram) <zefram@fysh.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (C) 2009, 2010, 2011 Andrew Main (Zefram) <zefram@fysh.org>

=head1 LICENSE

This module is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut

1;
